WAITLIST_SETUP.md, before:

# Waitlist Email Storage Setup ✅

## Current Setup: Formsubmit (Simplest Option)

Your email form is now configured to send submissions to **hello@caldris.io** using Formsubmit.

### How it works:
1. When someone submits the form, you'll receive an email at **hello@caldris.io**
2. On the FIRST submission, you'll get a confirmation email - just click the link to activate
3. After that, all submissions come directly to your inbox as nicely formatted emails

### What's included in each email:
- Email address submitted
- Source (hero form or CTA form)
- Timestamp

### To change the destination email:
Edit line 637 in `index.html`:
```javascript
const response = await fetch('https://formsubmit.co/hello@caldris.io', {
```
Replace `hello@caldris.io` with your preferred email.

## Benefits of this setup:
- ✅ **Zero signup required** - works immediately
- ✅ **Completely free** - unlimited submissions
- ✅ **No database needed** - emails go straight to your inbox
- ✅ **PostHog tracking** - still captures analytics
- ✅ **Professional format** - emails are formatted as tables

## Alternative: Google Sheets Integration

If you want submissions in a Google Sheet instead:

1. Go to [formspree.io](https://formspree.io) (free account)
2. Create a form and connect it to Google Sheets
3. Replace line 626-640 in `index.html` with:
```javascript
const response = await fetch('https://formspree.io/f/YOUR_FORM_ID', {
    method: 'POST',
    headers: { 'Content-Type': 'application/json' },
    body: JSON.stringify({
        email: email,
        source: formId === 'waitlist-hero' ? 'hero' : 'cta',
        timestamp: new Date().toISOString()
    })
});
```

## Testing:
1. Deploy your site
2. Submit a test email
3. Check your inbox for the confirmation email (first time only)
4. Click confirm
5. All future submissions will arrive automatically!

Commit message:

Change email destination to chris@caldris.io

WAITLIST_SETUP.md, after:

# Waitlist Email Storage Setup ✅

## Current Setup: Formsubmit (Simplest Option)

Your email form is now configured to send submissions to **chris@caldris.io** using Formsubmit.

### How it works:
1. When someone submits the form, you'll receive an email at **chris@caldris.io**
2. On the FIRST submission, you'll get a confirmation email - just click the link to activate
3. After that, all submissions come directly to your inbox as nicely formatted emails

### What's included in each email:
- Email address submitted
- Source (hero form or CTA form)
- Timestamp

### To change the destination email:
Edit line 636 in `index.html`:
```javascript
const response = await fetch('https://formsubmit.co/chris@caldris.io', {
```
Replace `chris@caldris.io` with your preferred email if needed.

## Benefits of this setup:
- ✅ **Zero signup required** - works immediately
- ✅ **Completely free** - unlimited submissions
- ✅ **No database needed** - emails go straight to your inbox
- ✅ **PostHog tracking** - still captures analytics
- ✅ **Professional format** - emails are formatted as tables

## Alternative: Google Sheets Integration

If you want submissions in a Google Sheet instead:

1. Go to [formspree.io](https://formspree.io) (free account)
2. Create a form and connect it to Google Sheets
3. Replace line 626-640 in `index.html` with:
```javascript
const response = await fetch('https://formspree.io/f/YOUR_FORM_ID', {
    method: 'POST',
    headers: { 'Content-Type': 'application/json' },
    body: JSON.stringify({
        email: email,
        source: formId === 'waitlist-hero' ? 'hero' : 'cta',
        timestamp: new Date().toISOString()
    })
});
```

## Testing:
1. Deploy your site
2. Submit a test email
3. Check chris@caldris.io inbox for the confirmation email (first time only)
4. Click confirm
5. All future submissions will arrive automatically!
